docs(readme): remove inaccurate package count and reword "auto updates" (#513)
pacstall/pacstall: README.md

*  Supports binary, git, appimage, building and `.deb` packages
*  Accelerated package download using [axel](https://github.com/axel-download-accelerator/axel) (optional)

> *  Checks for the latest commit on git packages, so you always get the latest build of your favourite program straight from the developer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*  During upgrades, you always get the latest build off of the latest commit from the developer for `-git` packages. No need to wait for the pacscript maintainer to update the script!
```
